0	Reagan	` ` We the People ' '	sent34	( Reagan sounded positive notes reminiscent of earlier speeches throughout his political career _ the pre-eminent position of ` ` We the People ' ' in the American system , the image of America as a shining ` ` city upon a hill , ' ' the importance of paying more attention to American history .)
0	Reagan	Congress	sent35	( There was no mention of the ` ` iron triangle ' ' of members of Congress , the news media and special interest groups who , in a speech to political appointees in Washington on Dec. 13 , Reagan claimed had prevented his administration from balancing the federal budget .)
0	Reagan	Contras	sent37	( There was no mention at all of the Contras , the arms sales to Iran or the enormous trade deficits that during Reagan 's tenure have turned America into the world 's biggest debtor nation .)
1	W. Dale Nelson	the White House for The Associated Press	sent46	( W. Dale Nelson covers the White House for The Associated Press .)
1	Kenneth Starr	the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	sent52	( Also being considered are Judge Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City and Judge Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity .)
1	Kenneth Starr	U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	sent52	( Also being considered are Judge Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City and Judge Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity .)
0	Ralph K. Winter	the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	sent52	( Also being considered are Judge Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City and Judge Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity .)
1	Ralph K. Winter	U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	sent52	( Also being considered are Judge Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City and Judge Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity .)
0	Nixon	University of Texas	sent56	( Wright , a University of Texas law professor , served as one of Nixon 's lawyers in 1973 and 1974 while the Watergate special prosecutor was trying to subpoena the White House tapes .)
0	Nixon	White House	sent56	( Wright , a University of Texas law professor , served as one of Nixon 's lawyers in 1973 and 1974 while the Watergate special prosecutor was trying to subpoena the White House tapes .)
1	Wright	University of Texas	sent56	( Wright , a University of Texas law professor , served as one of Nixon 's lawyers in 1973 and 1974 while the Watergate special prosecutor was trying to subpoena the White House tapes .)
0	Wright	White House	sent56	( Wright , a University of Texas law professor , served as one of Nixon 's lawyers in 1973 and 1974 while the Watergate special prosecutor was trying to subpoena the White House tapes .)
0	Starr	Yale University	sent59	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who took the bench in 1982 , and Starr , a fellow appointee of President Reagan , are both known as judicial conservatives .)
0	Reagan	Yale University	sent59	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who took the bench in 1982 , and Starr , a fellow appointee of President Reagan , are both known as judicial conservatives .)
0	Starr	Senate	sent60	( Starr , who served as counselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 prior to taking the bench in 1983 , had been mentioned as a possible Supreme Court nominee after his former colleague on the District of Columbia circuit , Robert Bork , failed to win Senate confirmation in 1987 .)
0	Starr	Supreme Court	sent60	( Starr , who served as counselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 prior to taking the bench in 1983 , had been mentioned as a possible Supreme Court nominee after his former colleague on the District of Columbia circuit , Robert Bork , failed to win Senate confirmation in 1987 .)
0	Robert Bork	Senate	sent60	( Starr , who served as counselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 prior to taking the bench in 1983 , had been mentioned as a possible Supreme Court nominee after his former colleague on the District of Columbia circuit , Robert Bork , failed to win Senate confirmation in 1987 .)
0	Robert Bork	Supreme Court	sent60	( Starr , who served as counselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 prior to taking the bench in 1983 , had been mentioned as a possible Supreme Court nominee after his former colleague on the District of Columbia circuit , Robert Bork , failed to win Senate confirmation in 1987 .)
0	William French Smith	Senate	sent60	( Starr , who served as counselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 prior to taking the bench in 1983 , had been mentioned as a possible Supreme Court nominee after his former colleague on the District of Columbia circuit , Robert Bork , failed to win Senate confirmation in 1987 .)
0	William French Smith	Supreme Court	sent60	( Starr , who served as counselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 prior to taking the bench in 1983 , had been mentioned as a possible Supreme Court nominee after his former colleague on the District of Columbia circuit , Robert Bork , failed to win Senate confirmation in 1987 .)
1	Michael Minns	AP	sent70	( STOCKTON-ON-TEES , England -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Michael Minns received $160 , 000 from the father he never knew and thought was killed in World War II .)
1	David A. Welch	Harvard University 's	sent78	( James G. Blight and David A. Welch of Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government say that ` ` if this order had held , war between the superpowers would probably have commenced at sea , shortly after 10 o 'clock on Wednesday morning , Oct. 24 , 1962 , several hundred miles off the coast of Cuba. ' ')
1	David A. Welch	John F. Kennedy School of Government	sent78	( James G. Blight and David A. Welch of Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government say that ` ` if this order had held , war between the superpowers would probably have commenced at sea , shortly after 10 o 'clock on Wednesday morning , Oct. 24 , 1962 , several hundred miles off the coast of Cuba. ' ')
1	James G. Blight	Harvard University 's	sent78	( James G. Blight and David A. Welch of Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government say that ` ` if this order had held , war between the superpowers would probably have commenced at sea , shortly after 10 o 'clock on Wednesday morning , Oct. 24 , 1962 , several hundred miles off the coast of Cuba. ' ')
1	James G. Blight	John F. Kennedy School of Government	sent78	( James G. Blight and David A. Welch of Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government say that ` ` if this order had held , war between the superpowers would probably have commenced at sea , shortly after 10 o 'clock on Wednesday morning , Oct. 24 , 1962 , several hundred miles off the coast of Cuba. ' ')
0	Kennedy	Harvard	sent83	( The book , ` ` On the Brink : Americans and Soviets Reexamine the Cuban Missile Crisis , ' ' is based largely on two 1987 conferences sponsored by Harvard _ one that featured top Kennedy advisers and U.S. scholars and a second in which three Soviets joined the Americans .)
1	Bruno Pusterla	the Italian Agricultural Confederation	sent95	( ` ` If it does not snow , and a lot , within this month we will have no water to submerge 150 , 000 hectares -LRB- 370 , 500 acres -RRB- of rice , ' ' said Bruno Pusterla , a top official of the Italian Agricultural Confederation .)
1	Chlistovsky	Brera metereologic institute	sent105	( However , Franca Chlistovsky , who heads the Brera metereologic institute in Milan , said this winter 's dry spell was not exceptional and several worse years have been registered since 1950 .)
1	Soprano Judy Kaye	the New York Opera Repertory Theater	sent110	( Soprano Judy Kaye , who won a Tony on Broadway last year , stars in the New York Opera Repertory Theater production , and is splendid in the pivotal role of Abbie .)
0	Abbie	the New York Opera Repertory Theater	sent110	( Soprano Judy Kaye , who won a Tony on Broadway last year , stars in the New York Opera Repertory Theater production , and is splendid in the pivotal role of Abbie .)
0	Tony	the New York Opera Repertory Theater	sent110	( Soprano Judy Kaye , who won a Tony on Broadway last year , stars in the New York Opera Repertory Theater production , and is splendid in the pivotal role of Abbie .)
1	Leigh Gibbs Gore	The New York Opera Repertory Theater	sent118	( The New York Opera Repertory Theater was founded in 1977 by Leigh Gibbs Gore , who conducted the opera .)
0	Imelda Marcos	Blackwell	sent161	( Britain 's Duchess of York and former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos topped the list by Blackwell , a designer and self-appointed fashion arbiter whose real name is Richard Sylvan Selzer .)
0	Richard Sylvan Selzer	Blackwell	sent161	( Britain 's Duchess of York and former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos topped the list by Blackwell , a designer and self-appointed fashion arbiter whose real name is Richard Sylvan Selzer .)
1	Michael D. Papagiannis	Boston University 's	sent195	( Boston University 's Michael D. Papagiannis said he believes the crater was created 100 million years ago when a 50-mile-wide meteorite slammed into the Earth .)
0	Bill Gordon	Bingham County Sheriff 's	sent200	( ` ` Temperatures didn 't get too low , but the wind chill was bad , ' ' said Bingham County Sheriff 's Lt. Bill Gordon .)
0	Carpenter	National Football League	sent212	( Ms. Carpenter 's brother , retired National Football League placekicker Mark Moseley , was in the courtroom Wednesday and told reporters afterward , ` ` It 's been nine years of hell for myself and my family. ' ')
1	Mark Moseley	National Football League	sent212	( Ms. Carpenter 's brother , retired National Football League placekicker Mark Moseley , was in the courtroom Wednesday and told reporters afterward , ` ` It 's been nine years of hell for myself and my family. ' ')
1	Fred Eckhard	U.N.	sent293	( U.N. financial spokesman Fred Eckhard said Wednesday that just 86 of the 159 member nations paid all their dues through the end of 1988 , leaving the world body $394.9 million in arrears in the regular budget and $355.2 million in debt for peacekeeping operations .)
1	Javier Perez de Cuellar	U.N.	sent298	( The mounting debt exasperated U.N. Secretary-General Javier Perez de Cuellar as the world body embarked on new , costly peacekeeping ventures .)
1	Perez de Cuellar	the United Nations	sent301	( Perez de Cuellar said in December , when he accepted the 1988 Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of U.N. peacekeepers , that the failure of members to pay dues threatens the work of the United Nations .)
1	Perez de Cuellar	U.N.	sent301	( Perez de Cuellar said in December , when he accepted the 1988 Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of U.N. peacekeepers , that the failure of members to pay dues threatens the work of the United Nations .)
0	Reagan	the State Department	sent302	( President Reagan has ordered the State Department to devise a payment schedule for repaying all U.S. arrears ;)
0	James Steak	River North 's	sent326	( River North 's nouvelle sensibilities also might be offended by the Ranch 's menu , which features items such as the ` ` Jesse James Steak -LRB- A Steal ! -RRB- , ' ' and the occasional ornery patron .)
0	James Steak	Ranch	sent326	( River North 's nouvelle sensibilities also might be offended by the Ranch 's menu , which features items such as the ` ` Jesse James Steak -LRB- A Steal ! -RRB- , ' ' and the occasional ornery patron .)
0	Bob Boyd	Ranch	sent327	( For singer and guitarist Bob Boyd , 57 , the Ranch has been home since he left Chattanooga , Tenn. , 35 years ago .)
0	Donald Miller	United Federation of Teachers	sent333	( ` ` Either luck or good fortune was on my side , ' ' the shaken teacher , Donald Miller , said through United Federation of Teachers spokesman Bert Shanas .)
1	Bert Shanas	United Federation of Teachers	sent333	( ` ` Either luck or good fortune was on my side , ' ' the shaken teacher , Donald Miller , said through United Federation of Teachers spokesman Bert Shanas .)
0	Frank Sobrino	Police	sent335	( Police contacted the boy 's mother and were trying to determine where the gun came from , Board of Education spokesman Frank Sobrino said .)
1	Frank Sobrino	Board of Education	sent335	( Police contacted the boy 's mother and were trying to determine where the gun came from , Board of Education spokesman Frank Sobrino said .)
0	Tucson Citizen	Star	sent350	( Larry Martin , circulation director for the publishing company jointly owned by the parent companies of the Star and the evening Tucson Citizen , estimated that 3 , 000 to 5 , 000 bogus copies were placed in as many as 600 Star vending machines .)
0	Larry Martin	Star	sent350	( Larry Martin , circulation director for the publishing company jointly owned by the parent companies of the Star and the evening Tucson Citizen , estimated that 3 , 000 to 5 , 000 bogus copies were placed in as many as 600 Star vending machines .)
1	Michael Coats	Navy	sent356	( ` ` We 're quite proud to be flying the third flight since the -LRB- Challenger -RRB- accident , ' ' Navy Capt. Michael Coats said during the final preflight news conference Wednesday .)
1	Sohn Ho Young	CIA	sent410	( The spy , high-ranking Korean CIA official Sohn Ho Young , wanted to defect because he was about to be transferred home from a post in New York City , the newspaper said .)
1	Derwinski	Congress	sent414	( Derwinski , a Republican from Chicago who served 24 years in Congress , publicly denied 1978 allegations that he leaked the information and refused to testify in the matter before a federal grand jury and the House Ethics Committee .)
0	Derwinski	the House Ethics Committee	sent414	( Derwinski , a Republican from Chicago who served 24 years in Congress , publicly denied 1978 allegations that he leaked the information and refused to testify in the matter before a federal grand jury and the House Ethics Committee .)
0	Derwinski	Senate	sent417	( Derwinski 's involvement in the episode and his early lack of candor will be investigated during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination to head the new Veterans Department , said Sen. Alan Cranston , D-Calif. , chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs .)
0	Derwinski	the Senate Committee	sent417	( Derwinski 's involvement in the episode and his early lack of candor will be investigated during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination to head the new Veterans Department , said Sen. Alan Cranston , D-Calif. , chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs .)
0	Derwinski	Veterans Affairs	sent417	( Derwinski 's involvement in the episode and his early lack of candor will be investigated during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination to head the new Veterans Department , said Sen. Alan Cranston , D-Calif. , chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs .)
0	Derwinski	Veterans Department	sent417	( Derwinski 's involvement in the episode and his early lack of candor will be investigated during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination to head the new Veterans Department , said Sen. Alan Cranston , D-Calif. , chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs .)
1	Alan Cranston	Senate	sent417	( Derwinski 's involvement in the episode and his early lack of candor will be investigated during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination to head the new Veterans Department , said Sen. Alan Cranston , D-Calif. , chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs .)
0	Alan Cranston	the Senate Committee	sent417	( Derwinski 's involvement in the episode and his early lack of candor will be investigated during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination to head the new Veterans Department , said Sen. Alan Cranston , D-Calif. , chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs .)
1	Alan Cranston	Veterans Affairs	sent417	( Derwinski 's involvement in the episode and his early lack of candor will be investigated during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination to head the new Veterans Department , said Sen. Alan Cranston , D-Calif. , chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs .)
0	Alan Cranston	Veterans Department	sent417	( Derwinski 's involvement in the episode and his early lack of candor will be investigated during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination to head the new Veterans Department , said Sen. Alan Cranston , D-Calif. , chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs .)
1	Derwinski	House Foreign Affairs	sent420	( Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .)
0	Derwinski	Times	sent420	( Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .)
0	Derwinski	KCIA	sent420	( Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .)
0	Sohn	House Foreign Affairs	sent420	( Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .)
0	Sohn	Times	sent420	( Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .)
0	Sohn	KCIA	sent420	( Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .)
1	Jeremy Rifkin	the Foundation on Economic Trends	sent429	( ` ` If we 're going to address this problem it will be a grass-roots effort by activists throughout the cities of the world , ' ' said Jeremy Rifkin , director of the Foundation on Economic Trends and a member of the Global Greenhouse Network , a coalition of environmental activists in 35 countries .)
1	Jeremy Rifkin	the Global Greenhouse Network	sent429	( ` ` If we 're going to address this problem it will be a grass-roots effort by activists throughout the cities of the world , ' ' said Jeremy Rifkin , director of the Foundation on Economic Trends and a member of the Global Greenhouse Network , a coalition of environmental activists in 35 countries .)
1	Andy Lipkis	TreePeople	sent437	( ` ` Up to 5 million trees planted in the right places in Southern California will conserve the energy equivalent of one to two new power plants , ' ' said Andy Lipkis , executive of TreePeople , a conservation and community-action group that is organizing the planting campaign .)
0	Steve Wright	SRP	sent443	( ` ` We see nothing right now that would make any difference , ' ' said Steve Wright , who directs DOE environmental studies at the SRP .)
1	Steve Wright	DOE	sent443	( ` ` We see nothing right now that would make any difference , ' ' said Steve Wright , who directs DOE environmental studies at the SRP .)
1	Bert Byers	Cecil Field Naval Air Station	sent464	( The eight-pound bomb had a detonator charge , similar to a shotgun shell , that emits smoke when it hits the ground , said Bert Byers , spokesman for Cecil Field Naval Air Station .)
1	Jose Antonio Urutigoechea	ETA	sent470	( Police arrested 10 Spanish Basque militants , including Jose Antonio Urutigoechea , considered by Madrid to be a top leader of the Spanish Basque separatist organization ETA , authorities said today .)
0	Jose Antonio Urutigoechea	Police	sent470	( Police arrested 10 Spanish Basque militants , including Jose Antonio Urutigoechea , considered by Madrid to be a top leader of the Spanish Basque separatist organization ETA , authorities said today .)
0	Judith C. Toth	House of Delegates	sent490	( Judith C. Toth says she returned for a fourth term in Maryland 's House of Delegates because she couldn 't find a better job .)
0	Toth	Legislature	sent493	( Ms. Toth , a 14-year veteran of the Legislature , decided against renting a house for the session , opting for hotel rooms and commuting about 60 miles from her Germantown home because ` ` if something came up this week or next week , I would walk out. ' ')
1	Edward Marks	the Montgomery County Democratic Party	sent494	( Edward Marks , an official with the Montgomery County Democratic Party , argued that if Ms. Toth is not interested in the job , ` ` she should get out. .. .)
0	Toth	the Montgomery County Democratic Party	sent494	( Edward Marks , an official with the Montgomery County Democratic Party , argued that if Ms. Toth is not interested in the job , ` ` she should get out. .. .)
1	Michael R. Gordon	House	sent495	( Michael R. Gordon , chairman of the Montgomery County House delegation , thinks Ms. Toth is in an ` ` embarrassing ' ' position .)
0	Toth	House	sent495	( Michael R. Gordon , chairman of the Montgomery County House delegation , thinks Ms. Toth is in an ` ` embarrassing ' ' position .)
0	Eddie Hatcher	Jacobs	sent517	( Jacobs , 20 , and Eddie Hatcher , 31 , were charged in the 1988 takeover in Lumberton , N.C.)
0	Hatcher	Shoshone-Bannock	sent521	( Hatcher also fled to the Onondaga territory but has since moved to a Shoshone-Bannock reservation in Idaho .)
1	Jo Ann Emmerich	ABC Entertainment	sent533	( ` ` ` Ryan 's Hope ' has not been rejected by the audience , it has simply been unavailable to viewers , ' ' Jo Ann Emmerich , vice president of daytime programs for ABC Entertainment , said at the time .)
0	Corbin Bernsen	ABC	sent536	( It launched the careers of many well-known actors , including Corbin Bernsen , who stars on NBC 's ` ` L.A. Law , ' ' and Kate Mulgrew , star of ABC 's ` ` HeartBeat. ' ')
1	Corbin Bernsen	NBC	sent536	( It launched the careers of many well-known actors , including Corbin Bernsen , who stars on NBC 's ` ` L.A. Law , ' ' and Kate Mulgrew , star of ABC 's ` ` HeartBeat. ' ')
1	Kate Mulgrew	ABC	sent536	( It launched the careers of many well-known actors , including Corbin Bernsen , who stars on NBC 's ` ` L.A. Law , ' ' and Kate Mulgrew , star of ABC 's ` ` HeartBeat. ' ')
0	Kate Mulgrew	NBC	sent536	( It launched the careers of many well-known actors , including Corbin Bernsen , who stars on NBC 's ` ` L.A. Law , ' ' and Kate Mulgrew , star of ABC 's ` ` HeartBeat. ' ')
0	Albert O. Harjula	Thomaston	sent541	( Albert O. Harjula , 29 , of Thomaston , became trapped first , said Paul Fournier , a spokesman for the state Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife .)
0	Albert O. Harjula	the state Department of Inland Fisheries	sent541	( Albert O. Harjula , 29 , of Thomaston , became trapped first , said Paul Fournier , a spokesman for the state Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife .)
0	Paul Fournier	Thomaston	sent541	( Albert O. Harjula , 29 , of Thomaston , became trapped first , said Paul Fournier , a spokesman for the state Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife .)
0	Paul Fournier	the state Department of Inland Fisheries	sent541	( Albert O. Harjula , 29 , of Thomaston , became trapped first , said Paul Fournier , a spokesman for the state Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife .)
1	Kenneth Starr	the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	sent563	( Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
1	Kenneth Starr	U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	sent563	( Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
0	Reagan	the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	sent563	( Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
0	Reagan	U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	sent563	( Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
0	Ralph K. Winter	the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	sent563	( Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
1	Ralph K. Winter	U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	sent563	( Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
0	Nixon	Oval Office	sent565	( A University of Texas law professor , Wright helped devise the legal argument that executive privilege exempted Nixon from complying with a subpoena to surrender tape recordings of Oval Office conversations .)
0	Nixon	University of Texas	sent565	( A University of Texas law professor , Wright helped devise the legal argument that executive privilege exempted Nixon from complying with a subpoena to surrender tape recordings of Oval Office conversations .)
0	Wright	Oval Office	sent565	( A University of Texas law professor , Wright helped devise the legal argument that executive privilege exempted Nixon from complying with a subpoena to surrender tape recordings of Oval Office conversations .)
1	Wright	University of Texas	sent565	( A University of Texas law professor , Wright helped devise the legal argument that executive privilege exempted Nixon from complying with a subpoena to surrender tape recordings of Oval Office conversations .)
1	Charles Fried	Harvard University Law School	sent570	( Charles Fried , the current solicitor , is leaving office to return to Harvard University Law School .)
0	Starr	Supreme Court	sent571	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who became a judge in 1982 , and Starr , 42 , who served as couselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 until his appointment to the D.C. Circuit in 1983 , had been mentioned as possible Supreme Court nominees following the 1987 retirement of Justice Lewis Powell .)
0	Starr	Yale University	sent571	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who became a judge in 1982 , and Starr , 42 , who served as couselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 until his appointment to the D.C. Circuit in 1983 , had been mentioned as possible Supreme Court nominees following the 1987 retirement of Justice Lewis Powell .)
1	Starr	the D.C. Circuit	sent571	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who became a judge in 1982 , and Starr , 42 , who served as couselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 until his appointment to the D.C. Circuit in 1983 , had been mentioned as possible Supreme Court nominees following the 1987 retirement of Justice Lewis Powell .)
1	Lewis Powell	Supreme Court	sent571	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who became a judge in 1982 , and Starr , 42 , who served as couselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 until his appointment to the D.C. Circuit in 1983 , had been mentioned as possible Supreme Court nominees following the 1987 retirement of Justice Lewis Powell .)
0	Lewis Powell	Yale University	sent571	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who became a judge in 1982 , and Starr , 42 , who served as couselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 until his appointment to the D.C. Circuit in 1983 , had been mentioned as possible Supreme Court nominees following the 1987 retirement of Justice Lewis Powell .)
0	Lewis Powell	the D.C. Circuit	sent571	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who became a judge in 1982 , and Starr , 42 , who served as couselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 until his appointment to the D.C. Circuit in 1983 , had been mentioned as possible Supreme Court nominees following the 1987 retirement of Justice Lewis Powell .)
0	William French Smith	Supreme Court	sent571	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who became a judge in 1982 , and Starr , 42 , who served as couselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 until his appointment to the D.C. Circuit in 1983 , had been mentioned as possible Supreme Court nominees following the 1987 retirement of Justice Lewis Powell .)
0	William French Smith	Yale University	sent571	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who became a judge in 1982 , and Starr , 42 , who served as couselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 until his appointment to the D.C. Circuit in 1983 , had been mentioned as possible Supreme Court nominees following the 1987 retirement of Justice Lewis Powell .)
0	William French Smith	the D.C. Circuit	sent571	( Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who became a judge in 1982 , and Starr , 42 , who served as couselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 until his appointment to the D.C. Circuit in 1983 , had been mentioned as possible Supreme Court nominees following the 1987 retirement of Justice Lewis Powell .)
1	Quayle	the Huntington Herald-Press	sent600	( The elder Quayle , publisher of the Huntington Herald-Press , said the family is still upset by media coverage of his son 's selection as President-elect George Bush 's running mate , and of the campaign that led to their election in November .)
0	George Bush 's	the Huntington Herald-Press	sent600	( The elder Quayle , publisher of the Huntington Herald-Press , said the family is still upset by media coverage of his son 's selection as President-elect George Bush 's running mate , and of the campaign that led to their election in November .)
1	Jim Bowell	the Butler Township Fire Department	sent614	( Lt. Jim Bowell of the Butler Township Fire Department said the 4 : 45 a.m. accident set fire to about 100 yards of woods .)
0	Redman	the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service	sent643	( Redman said two employees of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service would go to Moscow to help handle the processing .)
0	J.H. Berman	Port Nolloth	sent652	( Cape Town Supreme Court Judge J.H. Berman refused to give Port Nolloth municipal authorities the right to forcibly remove the squatters , who live in shacks and tents .)
1	J.H. Berman	Cape Town Supreme Court	sent652	( Cape Town Supreme Court Judge J.H. Berman refused to give Port Nolloth municipal authorities the right to forcibly remove the squatters , who live in shacks and tents .)
1	Mary Campbell	the Clover Town Council	sent663	( Mary Campbell , a former Democratic member of the Clover Town Council , got the unasked-for tickets in the mail last month .)
0	Mary	Campbell	sent665	( Campbell , who is going to the inauguration , asked that his sister Mary , who lives in Rock Hill , be mailed tickets as well .)
0	Mary Campbell	Republican Party	sent667	( Tony Denny , executive director of the state Republican Party , said he didn 't know of any mix-up , but that Mary Campbell of Clover is free to keep her tickets .)
0	Mary Campbell	Clover	sent667	( Tony Denny , executive director of the state Republican Party , said he didn 't know of any mix-up , but that Mary Campbell of Clover is free to keep her tickets .)
1	Tony Denny	Republican Party	sent667	( Tony Denny , executive director of the state Republican Party , said he didn 't know of any mix-up , but that Mary Campbell of Clover is free to keep her tickets .)
0	Tony Denny	Clover	sent667	( Tony Denny , executive director of the state Republican Party , said he didn 't know of any mix-up , but that Mary Campbell of Clover is free to keep her tickets .)
0	shearer	Wool Wizards	sent674	( Chris Herr , shearer for the winning Wool Wizards , finished his sheep first in about 2 -LCB- minutes .)
1	Chris Herr	Wool Wizards	sent674	( Chris Herr , shearer for the winning Wool Wizards , finished his sheep first in about 2 -LCB- minutes .)
1	Alain Farley	McGill University	sent748	( It seems to be more effective , ' ' said Dr. Alain Farley of McGill University in Montreal .)
1	David Graham	the Veterans Administration O Center	sent755	( Dr. David Graham of the Veterans Administration O Center in Houston , who has also studied the new drug , said some experts are concerned about the long-term effects of shutting down acid secretion almost completely .)
1	Karl Malden	Vanderbilt University	sent769	( Actor Karl Malden will teach acting in realistic American drama for two weeks beginning Monday at Vanderbilt University .)
0	Vanderbilt	Producer 's Showcase	sent770	( He will be the first Vanderbilt artist-in-residence under an endowment in honor of Fred Coe , a director-producer who grew up in Nashville and worked on network TV shows such as Philco Playhouse , Playhouse 90 , Producer 's Showcase and others .)
0	Fred Coe	Producer 's Showcase	sent770	( He will be the first Vanderbilt artist-in-residence under an endowment in honor of Fred Coe , a director-producer who grew up in Nashville and worked on network TV shows such as Philco Playhouse , Playhouse 90 , Producer 's Showcase and others .)
1	Yasser Arafat	Palestine Liberation Organization	sent787	( Palestine Liberation Organization chairman Yasser Arafat addressed a league committee and berated Arab colleagues for reneging on their promise of aid to the people of the Israeli occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip .)
1	Chedli Klibi	Arab League	sent793	( ` ` The U.S. has the biggest stock of chemical arms in the world , and it is trying to obstruct other countries from having their own , ' ' said Arab League Secretary-General Chedli Klibi .)
1	Roger K.	NASA	sent802	( The National Aeronautics and Space Administration announced Thursday that Ulf D. Merbold , 47 , of the European Space Agency and Roger K. Crouch of NASA have been chosen to train to perform materials sciences experiments on the International Microgravity Laboratory-1 mission scheduled for April 1991 .)
1	Roger K.	The National Aeronautics and Space Administration	sent802	( The National Aeronautics and Space Administration announced Thursday that Ulf D. Merbold , 47 , of the European Space Agency and Roger K. Crouch of NASA have been chosen to train to perform materials sciences experiments on the International Microgravity Laboratory-1 mission scheduled for April 1991 .)
0	Roger K.	the European Space Agency	sent802	( The National Aeronautics and Space Administration announced Thursday that Ulf D. Merbold , 47 , of the European Space Agency and Roger K. Crouch of NASA have been chosen to train to perform materials sciences experiments on the International Microgravity Laboratory-1 mission scheduled for April 1991 .)
0	Ulf D. Merbold	NASA	sent802	( The National Aeronautics and Space Administration announced Thursday that Ulf D. Merbold , 47 , of the European Space Agency and Roger K. Crouch of NASA have been chosen to train to perform materials sciences experiments on the International Microgravity Laboratory-1 mission scheduled for April 1991 .)
0	Ulf D. Merbold	The National Aeronautics and Space Administration	sent802	( The National Aeronautics and Space Administration announced Thursday that Ulf D. Merbold , 47 , of the European Space Agency and Roger K. Crouch of NASA have been chosen to train to perform materials sciences experiments on the International Microgravity Laboratory-1 mission scheduled for April 1991 .)
1	Ulf D. Merbold	the European Space Agency	sent802	( The National Aeronautics and Space Administration announced Thursday that Ulf D. Merbold , 47 , of the European Space Agency and Roger K. Crouch of NASA have been chosen to train to perform materials sciences experiments on the International Microgravity Laboratory-1 mission scheduled for April 1991 .)
1	Dominique Beuff	the International Committee of the Red Cross	sent816	( Dominique Beuff of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Khartoum said he had reports of people dying at the rate of up to four a day in some areas of the south affected by a 5-year-old civil war .)
1	Spencer Christian	ABC	sent851	( Attending were Spencer Christian of ABC 's ` ` Good Morning , America ' ' ;)
1	Li Zhaoxing	Foreign Ministry	sent860	( At a regular Chinese Foreign Ministry briefing in Beijing on Thursday , spokesman Li Zhaoxing would say only that China will consider direct talks with Vietnam ` ` at an appropriate time. ' ')
1	Walesa	Solidarity	sent896	( A rally of several thousand Solidarity supporters was held Tuesday at the Lenin Shipyard in Gdansk , where Walesa works .)
1	Bruce Jonasson	Bradley First Air	sent902	( Bruce Jonasson , manager of Bradley First Air , said pilots from Montreal and Ottawa were the plane 's only occupants .)
1	Jim Bowell	the Butler Township Fire Department	sent904	( The explosion set fire to about 100 yards of wooded area , said Lt. Jim Bowell of the Butler Township Fire Department .)
0	Robert Bourassa	The Globe and Mail	sent934	( The Globe and Mail , which calls itself Canada 's national newspaper , said in an editorial Thursday that Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa ` ` has received , and deserves , strong criticism for his decision on the language of commercial signs in Quebec. .. .)
1	Brian Mulroney	Progressive Conservative Party	sent938	( Prime Brian Mulroney 's Progressive Conservative Party won its second consecutive majority government in the election , and he signed the trade pact with President Reagan in January 1988 .)
0	Reagan	Progressive Conservative Party	sent938	( Prime Brian Mulroney 's Progressive Conservative Party won its second consecutive majority government in the election , and he signed the trade pact with President Reagan in January 1988 .)
1	Jake Garn	NASA	sent952	( Sen. Jake Garn , R-Utah , flew on the shuttle in April 1985 and Rep. Bill Nelson , D-Fla. , was aboard in January 1986 , at the invitation of NASA 's administrator .)
0	Jake Garn	R-Utah	sent952	( Sen. Jake Garn , R-Utah , flew on the shuttle in April 1985 and Rep. Bill Nelson , D-Fla. , was aboard in January 1986 , at the invitation of NASA 's administrator .)
1	Bill Nelson	NASA	sent952	( Sen. Jake Garn , R-Utah , flew on the shuttle in April 1985 and Rep. Bill Nelson , D-Fla. , was aboard in January 1986 , at the invitation of NASA 's administrator .)
0	Bill Nelson	R-Utah	sent952	( Sen. Jake Garn , R-Utah , flew on the shuttle in April 1985 and Rep. Bill Nelson , D-Fla. , was aboard in January 1986 , at the invitation of NASA 's administrator .)
0	Psacharopoulos	Oberlin College	sent962	( Born in Athens , Psacharopoulos came to the United States at age 17 to enter Oberlin College , where he studied art history .)
0	Larry Jinks	the Knight-Ridder , Inc.	sent967	( Larry Jinks has been named publisher of the San Jose Mercury News , succeeding William A. Ott , who will become the newspaper 's chairman , the Knight-Ridder , Inc. announced Thursday .)
1	Larry Jinks	the San Jose Mercury News	sent967	( Larry Jinks has been named publisher of the San Jose Mercury News , succeeding William A. Ott , who will become the newspaper 's chairman , the Knight-Ridder , Inc. announced Thursday .)
0	William A. Ott	the Knight-Ridder , Inc.	sent967	( Larry Jinks has been named publisher of the San Jose Mercury News , succeeding William A. Ott , who will become the newspaper 's chairman , the Knight-Ridder , Inc. announced Thursday .)
1	William A. Ott	the San Jose Mercury News	sent967	( Larry Jinks has been named publisher of the San Jose Mercury News , succeeding William A. Ott , who will become the newspaper 's chairman , the Knight-Ridder , Inc. announced Thursday .)
0	Lou Ray	Smokehouse	sent1016	( ` ` Weather like this is awful for restaurants , ' ' said Lou Ray , owner of the Smokehouse cafe in Fontana .)
1	Lance Davis	Truck Stops of America	sent1019	( At a large truck stop east of the airport , some 2 , 000 truck drivers and campers waited for the winds to die down , said Lance Davis , general manager of Truck Stops of America in Ontario .)
1	Hugh Madlock .	county Fire Department	sent1022	( Elsewhere , a downed power line was blamed for a brush fire that charred 200 acres in Orange County , said county Fire Department Capt. Hugh Madlock .)
1	Kevin Kelly	Edison	sent1026	( Other power lines brought down by high winds caused outages that affected about 6 , 000 homes and businesses served by Southern California Edison in Los Angeles and Orange counties , said Edison spokesman Kevin Kelly .)
1	Kevin Kelly	Southern California Edison	sent1026	( Other power lines brought down by high winds caused outages that affected about 6 , 000 homes and businesses served by Southern California Edison in Los Angeles and Orange counties , said Edison spokesman Kevin Kelly .)
1	James O '	California Highway Patrol	sent1027	( The winds also overturned trucks on Interstates 10 and 15 , which remained open with traffic moving about 5 mph , said California Highway Patrol Officer James O 'Brien .)
0	James O '	Interstates 10 and 15	sent1027	( The winds also overturned trucks on Interstates 10 and 15 , which remained open with traffic moving about 5 mph , said California Highway Patrol Officer James O 'Brien .)
0	Favrile	Tiffany	sent1037	( ` ` He -LRB- LaFarge -RRB- was the one who supposedly taught Tiffany how to make the Favrile glass , ' ' said auctioneer William Doyle , who operates an auction house in Manhattan .)
0	William Doyle	Tiffany	sent1037	( ` ` He -LRB- LaFarge -RRB- was the one who supposedly taught Tiffany how to make the Favrile glass , ' ' said auctioneer William Doyle , who operates an auction house in Manhattan .)
0	Plum	Maxwell	sent1040	( Maxwell 's Plum , once a hot spot among trendy New Yorkers in the 1960s , saw its fortunes fail in the highly competitive Manhattan restaurant market of the 1980s .)
0	Thomas Viscomi	Supreme Court	sent1049	( The state Supreme Court jury in Niagara County made the award Tuesday to the estate of Thomas Viscomi and his widow , Norma Viscomi , of Niagara Falls .)
0	Norma Viscomi	Supreme Court	sent1049	( The state Supreme Court jury in Niagara County made the award Tuesday to the estate of Thomas Viscomi and his widow , Norma Viscomi , of Niagara Falls .)
0	John Hoopsick	K mart	sent1050	( Viscomi was shot in the back in 1979 by John Hoopsick , who held a longtime grudge against him , and who hours earlier purchased the shotgun and ammunition at a K mart store in Niagara Falls .)
0	Viscomi	K mart	sent1050	( Viscomi was shot in the back in 1979 by John Hoopsick , who held a longtime grudge against him , and who hours earlier purchased the shotgun and ammunition at a K mart store in Niagara Falls .)
0	Smith	K mart	sent1053	( Smith said there have been a number of successful civil cases against gun retailers in other states , including a recent judgment against K mart in a similar case in St. Claire Shores , Mich .)
1	Leslie Kota	K mart	sent1054	( Leslie Kota , a spokeswoman for K mart based in Troy , Mich. , said the company would appeal the ruling .)
0	Tomazin	Maricopa County Superior Court	sent1066	( Maricopa County Superior Court Judge Lindsay Ellis also ordered Miss Bickel to pay $5 , 500 in restitution to Miss Tomazin 's family and to perform 40 hours per week of community service indefinitely .)
0	Bickel	Maricopa County Superior Court	sent1066	( Maricopa County Superior Court Judge Lindsay Ellis also ordered Miss Bickel to pay $5 , 500 in restitution to Miss Tomazin 's family and to perform 40 hours per week of community service indefinitely .)
1	Lindsay Ellis	Maricopa County Superior Court	sent1066	( Maricopa County Superior Court Judge Lindsay Ellis also ordered Miss Bickel to pay $5 , 500 in restitution to Miss Tomazin 's family and to perform 40 hours per week of community service indefinitely .)
0	Virginia Galle	CAP	sent1102	( By contrast , nearly 6 million square feet of downtown office space is newly completed , under construction or has received city permits , said Virginia Galle , a City Council member and CAP supporter .)
1	Virginia Galle	City Council	sent1102	( By contrast , nearly 6 million square feet of downtown office space is newly completed , under construction or has received city permits , said Virginia Galle , a City Council member and CAP supporter .)
0	Patrick Strosahl	CAP	sent1103	( ` ` We 're not anti-growth in the traditional sense , ' ' says Patrick Strosahl , a jeweler and president of Vision Seattle , which supports CAP .)
1	Patrick Strosahl	Vision Seattle	sent1103	( ` ` We 're not anti-growth in the traditional sense , ' ' says Patrick Strosahl , a jeweler and president of Vision Seattle , which supports CAP .)
1	Folke Nyberg	the University of Washington	sent1109	( Folke Nyberg , a professor of urban planning and architecture at the University of Washington , agreed Seattle 's location on the Pacific Rim means it will grow , but disagreed that concentrated downtown growth is good .)
0	Gilmore	City Council	sent1114	( Gilmore , of the Downtown Seattle Association , said that the city 's 1985 downtown zoning was the product of four years of debate and that any changes should be made through more hearings and City Council votes .)
1	Gilmore	the Downtown Seattle Association	sent1114	( Gilmore , of the Downtown Seattle Association , said that the city 's 1985 downtown zoning was the product of four years of debate and that any changes should be made through more hearings and City Council votes .)
0	James Thompson	central school board	sent1132	( Illinois Gov. James Thompson signed legislation last month scrapping Chicago 's central school board next July , to be replaced by parent-run councils empowered to set budgets and hire and fire principals .)
0	Adam Urbanski	Rochester	sent1134	( As Rochester teacher union leader Adam Urbanski put it : ` ` We have set the table ; we have not served the meal yet. ' ')
1	Samuel L. Husk	the Council of Great City Schools	sent1140	( Relative size and the power of the purse are certainly key factors , says Samuel L. Husk , executive director of the Council of Great City Schools .)
0	Ernest L. Boyer	the Carnegie Foundation	sent1143	( It 's a political problem , ' ' said Ernest L. Boyer , a national spokesman for reform and president of the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching , which has produced several reports on urban school problems .)
1	Ernest L. Boyer	the Advancement of Teaching	sent1143	( It 's a political problem , ' ' said Ernest L. Boyer , a national spokesman for reform and president of the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching , which has produced several reports on urban school problems .)
0	Peter McWalters	Rochester	sent1145	( Rochester 's Peter McWalters , named in 1986 , signaled willingness to form a working partnership with teachers .)
1	Lee Mitgang	AP	sent1157	( Lee Mitgang has covered education for the AP since 1981 .)
0	Bush	the White House	sent1163	( With exhilaration tempered by ` ` this deficit looming over everything , ' ' Bush takes office at noon Friday , convinced there is neither a need nor a mandate for dramatic change to put his imprint on the White House .)
1	Walter R. Mears	The Associated Press	sent1176	( EDITOR 'S NOTE : Walter R. Mears , vice and columnist for The Associated Press , has reported on Washington and national politics for more than 25 years .)
1	John Leyden	Federal Aviation Administration	sent1193	( ` ` We think this is not a very likely scenario , but it 's a check that can be done very , very quickly without disrupting service , ' ' said Federal Aviation Administration spokesman John Leyden .)
1	Allan McArtor	FAA	sent1196	( FAA Administrator Allan McArtor issued the order after the British Civil Aviation Authority ordered similar checks for three types of aircraft flown by British carriers , including the same two models of the 737 and the Airbus A320 .)
0	Allan McArtor	Airbus	sent1196	( FAA Administrator Allan McArtor issued the order after the British Civil Aviation Authority ordered similar checks for three types of aircraft flown by British carriers , including the same two models of the 737 and the Airbus A320 .)
0	Allan McArtor	the British Civil Aviation Authority	sent1196	( FAA Administrator Allan McArtor issued the order after the British Civil Aviation Authority ordered similar checks for three types of aircraft flown by British carriers , including the same two models of the 737 and the Airbus A320 .)
1	Craig Martin	Boeing Commercial Airplanes	sent1197	( ` ` We certainly believe it 's a prudent measure to go out and check to make sure there 's nothing wrong with the fleet , ' ' Boeing Commercial Airplanes spokesman Craig Martin said Wednesday in Seattle .)
0	Fred Farrar	Delta	sent1200	( Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .)
0	Fred Farrar	Continental	sent1200	( Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .)
1	Fred Farrar	FAA	sent1200	( Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .)
0	Fred Farrar	U.S. Air	sent1200	( Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .)
1	John Mazor	the Air Line Pilots Association	sent1203	( John Mazor , spokesman for the Air Line Pilots Association , said he could not recall a specific incident of cross-wiring , but added , ` ` It is not unheard of for brand new aircraft to come off the assembly line with wires crossed or systems improperly configured. ' ')
1	Richard Kennedy	GE	sent1209	( The investigation centers on a check and drain valve for the F404 engine that powers the Navy 's FA-18 fighter , GE spokesman Richard Kennedy said Wednesday .)
0	Richard Kennedy	Navy	sent1209	( The investigation centers on a check and drain valve for the F404 engine that powers the Navy 's FA-18 fighter , GE spokesman Richard Kennedy said Wednesday .)
0	Richard Kennedy	Boeing	sent1211	( GE spokesman Richard Kennedy said Wednesday that the factory made a timer valve for the CFM56 engine used by the Boeing 737-400 as well as a check and drain valve for the F404 engine aboard the Navy 's FA-18 fighter .)
1	Richard Kennedy	GE	sent1211	( GE spokesman Richard Kennedy said Wednesday that the factory made a timer valve for the CFM56 engine used by the Boeing 737-400 as well as a check and drain valve for the F404 engine aboard the Navy 's FA-18 fighter .)
0	Richard Kennedy	Navy	sent1211	( GE spokesman Richard Kennedy said Wednesday that the factory made a timer valve for the CFM56 engine used by the Boeing 737-400 as well as a check and drain valve for the F404 engine aboard the Navy 's FA-18 fighter .)
1	Robert C. Anderson	GE	sent1212	( Another GE employee , attorney Robert C. Anderson , said in a letter last year that test records may have been falsified for valves used on the FA-18 in 1984-87 .)
1	Kennedy	GE	sent1214	( The timer valve manufactured by GE for the CFM56 engine on the 737 could not have caused the turbine to fail or threatened flight safety even if the valve malfunctioned , Kennedy said in telephone interview from his office in Cincinnati , where GE 's aircraft engine operations are based .)
0	Divencenzo	the Justice Department	sent1222	( At the request of the Justice Department , all documents in the Divencenzo suit remained under seal until last Friday , when U.S. District Court Judge Carl Rubin denied a federal motion to allow the Justice Department until Feb. 1 to decide whether to join the case as a plaintiff .)
0	Divencenzo	District Court	sent1222	( At the request of the Justice Department , all documents in the Divencenzo suit remained under seal until last Friday , when U.S. District Court Judge Carl Rubin denied a federal motion to allow the Justice Department until Feb. 1 to decide whether to join the case as a plaintiff .)
0	Carl Rubin	the Justice Department	sent1222	( At the request of the Justice Department , all documents in the Divencenzo suit remained under seal until last Friday , when U.S. District Court Judge Carl Rubin denied a federal motion to allow the Justice Department until Feb. 1 to decide whether to join the case as a plaintiff .)
0	Carl Rubin	District Court	sent1222	( At the request of the Justice Department , all documents in the Divencenzo suit remained under seal until last Friday , when U.S. District Court Judge Carl Rubin denied a federal motion to allow the Justice Department until Feb. 1 to decide whether to join the case as a plaintiff .)
0	Heuchelheim	The Associated Press	sent1304	( ` ` This is really hurting Heuchelheim , ' ' the town 's mayor Willi Marx told The Associated Press in an interview at his office earlier this month .)
0	Willi Marx	The Associated Press	sent1304	( ` ` This is really hurting Heuchelheim , ' ' the town 's mayor Willi Marx told The Associated Press in an interview at his office earlier this month .)
0	Robert C. Corduwener	Minox	sent1306	( Minox has not shown a profit since 1981 , and on April 1 , 1988 , Robert C. Corduwener , a Netherlands businessman bought a 51 percent share of the company to take control from the Rinn family .)
0	Rinn	Minox	sent1306	( Minox has not shown a profit since 1981 , and on April 1 , 1988 , Robert C. Corduwener , a Netherlands businessman bought a 51 percent share of the company to take control from the Rinn family .)
1	Guy M. Struve	Church 's	sent1336	( Guy M. Struve , the New York attorney representing Church 's , said he was disappointed and did not know when the chain would decide whether to appeal Thursday 's ruling .)
0	Fred Demler	Chuquicamata	sent1345	( Further buying was linked to rumors that the Chilean copper company Codelco was considering shutting down its smelter at Chuquicamata , the world 's largest copper mine , due to persistent mechanical problems , said Fred Demler , metals economist with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in New York .)
1	Fred Demler	Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.	sent1345	( Further buying was linked to rumors that the Chilean copper company Codelco was considering shutting down its smelter at Chuquicamata , the world 's largest copper mine , due to persistent mechanical problems , said Fred Demler , metals economist with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in New York .)
0	Fred Demler	Codelco	sent1345	( Further buying was linked to rumors that the Chilean copper company Codelco was considering shutting down its smelter at Chuquicamata , the world 's largest copper mine , due to persistent mechanical problems , said Fred Demler , metals economist with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in New York .)
1	James Cirona	the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco	sent1366	( The disclosure was contained in a half-inch-thick statement from James Cirona , president of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco .)
0	William R. Higgins	the Organization of the Oppressed on Earth	sent1415	( Text of the statement issued by the Organization of the Oppressed on Earth claiming U.S. Marine Lt. William R. Higgins was hanged.)
0	Higgins	Merciful	sent1417	( In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
0	Higgins	Hegira	sent1417	( In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
0	Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid	Merciful	sent1417	( In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
0	Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid	Hegira	sent1417	( In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
1	John Jamison	National Weather Service	sent1450	( ` ` The old bugaboo is where this baby is going to hit , ' ' said John Jamison , a National Weather Service meteorologist in Galveston.)
0	Tucker	Quayles	sent1483	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
0	Corinne	Quayles	sent1483	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
1	Epps	Epps Aviation	sent1496	( ` ` This is the first time someone brought back tangible evidence of these aircraft , ' ' said Epps , owner of Epps Aviation at suburban DeKalb Peachtree Airport , where the expedition returned in a DC-3 Monday.)
1	Richard Kahn	the American Diabetes Association	sent1557	( There are an estimated 11 million diabetics nationwide , of whom about 2.5 million give themselves insulin shots each day , said Richard Kahn , chief scientific and medical officer for the American Diabetes Association in Alexandria , Va.)
1	Woods	The Environmental Protection Agency	sent1558	( The Environmental Protection Agency is working on a brochure advising diabetics of the best way to dispose of needles , said Robin Woods , a spokeswoman for the agency in Washington , D.C. It will suggest that diabetics place ` ` sharps ' ' _ the needle end of a syringe _ in a hard plastic or metal container like a coffee can before throwing it in the trash , Woods said.)
1	Robin Woods	The Environmental Protection Agency	sent1558	( The Environmental Protection Agency is working on a brochure advising diabetics of the best way to dispose of needles , said Robin Woods , a spokeswoman for the agency in Washington , D.C. It will suggest that diabetics place ` ` sharps ' ' _ the needle end of a syringe _ in a hard plastic or metal container like a coffee can before throwing it in the trash , Woods said.)
1	Debra Bornstein	Waste Disposal Co.	sent1567	( Waste Disposal Co. of Randolph is preparing to offer a home needle pickup service , said Debra Bornstein , a company official.)
0	Baliles	Sununu	sent1635	( Bush , who acknowledged that Sununu was ` ` not quiet and retiring ' ' also had words for Virginia 's Baliles , who was stepping down after a year as chairman of the association.)
0	Bush	Sununu	sent1635	( Bush , who acknowledged that Sununu was ` ` not quiet and retiring ' ' also had words for Virginia 's Baliles , who was stepping down after a year as chairman of the association.)
0	Kennedy	The Warren Commission	sent4591	( The Warren Commission determined that Lee Harvey Oswald fired a high-powered rifle at Kennedy from the sixth floor of the building where he worked on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	The Warren Commission	sent4591	( The Warren Commission determined that Lee Harvey Oswald fired a high-powered rifle at Kennedy from the sixth floor of the building where he worked on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
0	Kennedy	The Warren Commission	sent4592	( The Warren Commission determined that Lee Harvey Oswald fired at Kennedy from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
0	Kennedy	the Dallas County Administration Building	sent4592	( The Warren Commission determined that Lee Harvey Oswald fired at Kennedy from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	The Warren Commission	sent4592	( The Warren Commission determined that Lee Harvey Oswald fired at Kennedy from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	the Dallas County Administration Building	sent4592	( The Warren Commission determined that Lee Harvey Oswald fired at Kennedy from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
0	Kennedy	The Warren Commission	sent4593	( The Warren Commission determined that on Nov. 22 , 1963 , Lee Harvey Oswald fired a high-powered rifle at Kennedy 's motorcade from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building , where he worked .)
0	Kennedy	the Dallas County Administration Building	sent4593	( The Warren Commission determined that on Nov. 22 , 1963 , Lee Harvey Oswald fired a high-powered rifle at Kennedy 's motorcade from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building , where he worked .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	The Warren Commission	sent4593	( The Warren Commission determined that on Nov. 22 , 1963 , Lee Harvey Oswald fired a high-powered rifle at Kennedy 's motorcade from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building , where he worked .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	the Dallas County Administration Building	sent4593	( The Warren Commission determined that on Nov. 22 , 1963 , Lee Harvey Oswald fired a high-powered rifle at Kennedy 's motorcade from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building , where he worked .)
0	Sirhan Sirhan	LAPD	sent4598	( ` ` The LAPD investigation into the Robert F. Kennedy assassination by Sirhan Sirhan was exhaustive , yet public concern about its conclusions remains 20 years later , ' ' Eu said in a written statement released by her office .)
0	Sirhan Sirhan	Eu	sent4598	( ` ` The LAPD investigation into the Robert F. Kennedy assassination by Sirhan Sirhan was exhaustive , yet public concern about its conclusions remains 20 years later , ' ' Eu said in a written statement released by her office .)
0	Sirhan Sirhan	the Robert F. Kennedy	sent4598	( ` ` The LAPD investigation into the Robert F. Kennedy assassination by Sirhan Sirhan was exhaustive , yet public concern about its conclusions remains 20 years later , ' ' Eu said in a written statement released by her office .)
0	Kennedy	Sirhan Bishara Sirhan	sent4605	( The police files on Kennedy 's shooting could shed new light on persistent questions about whether Sirhan Bishara Sirhan was the only gunman in the shooting .)
0	Kennedy	Sirhan Sirhan	sent4609	( Sirhan Sirhan , a Jordanian immigrant , was convicted of murdering Kennedy and is serving a life term at Soledad Prison .)
0	Robert F. Kennedy	Good Samaritan Hospital	sent4611	( Today 's Highlight in History : Twenty years ago , on June 6 , 1968 , at 1 : 44 a.m. local time , Sen. Robert F. Kennedy died at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles , 25 -LCB- hours after he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel by Sirhan Bishara Sirhan .)
0	Kennedy	Sirhan Bishara Sirhan	sent4612	( That same day , a grand jury in Los Angeles indicted Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , a Jordanian citizen , on a charge of first-degree murder in the assassination of Kennedy two days earlier .)
0	Kennedy	The Warren Commission	sent4614	( The Warren Commission determined that Oswald fired at Kennedy from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building .)
0	Kennedy	the Dallas County Administration Building	sent4614	( The Warren Commission determined that Oswald fired at Kennedy from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building .)
0	Oswald	The Warren Commission	sent4614	( The Warren Commission determined that Oswald fired at Kennedy from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building .)
0	Oswald	the Dallas County Administration Building	sent4614	( The Warren Commission determined that Oswald fired at Kennedy from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building .)
0	Pamela Sue Rimer	Coeur	sent4619	( Yount , who was living in Coeur under the alias James Marvin Forsgren , was sentenced to life in prison for his conviction on first-degree murder and rape charges in the 1966 slaying of Pamela Sue Rimer , a student in his high school mathematics class in Luthersberg , Pa .)
0	Yount	Coeur	sent4619	( Yount , who was living in Coeur under the alias James Marvin Forsgren , was sentenced to life in prison for his conviction on first-degree murder and rape charges in the 1966 slaying of Pamela Sue Rimer , a student in his high school mathematics class in Luthersberg , Pa .)
0	James Marvin Forsgren	Coeur	sent4619	( Yount , who was living in Coeur under the alias James Marvin Forsgren , was sentenced to life in prison for his conviction on first-degree murder and rape charges in the 1966 slaying of Pamela Sue Rimer , a student in his high school mathematics class in Luthersberg , Pa .)
0	Martin Luther King Jr.	Capitol Hill	sent4622	( Ten years ago : James Earl Ray , convicted of assassinating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968 , repeated his assertion at a Capitol Hill hearing that he did not commit the crime , saying he 'd been set up to take the blame by a mysterious man called Raoul .)
0	Raoul	Capitol Hill	sent4622	( Ten years ago : James Earl Ray , convicted of assassinating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968 , repeated his assertion at a Capitol Hill hearing that he did not commit the crime , saying he 'd been set up to take the blame by a mysterious man called Raoul .)
0	James Earl Ray	Capitol Hill	sent4622	( Ten years ago : James Earl Ray , convicted of assassinating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968 , repeated his assertion at a Capitol Hill hearing that he did not commit the crime , saying he 'd been set up to take the blame by a mysterious man called Raoul .)
0	Francisco Pizarro	Atahualpa	sent4623	( On this date : In 1533 , the last Incan King of Peru , Atahualpa , was murdered on the orders of Spanish conqueror Francisco Pizarro .)
0	Leon Czolgosz	the Pan-American Exposition	sent4624	( Today 's highlight in history : In 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.)
0	William McKinley	the Pan-American Exposition	sent4624	( Today 's highlight in history : In 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.)
0	Kennedy	the Warren Commission	sent4625	( He developed evidence regarding the assassination of President Kennedy which supported the findings of the Warren Commission that Lee Harvey Oswald was the lone assassin .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	the Warren Commission	sent4625	( He developed evidence regarding the assassination of President Kennedy which supported the findings of the Warren Commission that Lee Harvey Oswald was the lone assassin .)
0	Kennedy	the Warren Commission 's	sent4626	( The House Assassinations Committee concluded in 1978 that Kennedy was ` ` probably ' ' assassinated as the result of a conspiracy involving a second gunman , a finding that broke from the Warren Commission 's belief that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in Dallas on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
0	Kennedy	The House Assassinations Committee	sent4626	( The House Assassinations Committee concluded in 1978 that Kennedy was ` ` probably ' ' assassinated as the result of a conspiracy involving a second gunman , a finding that broke from the Warren Commission 's belief that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in Dallas on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	the Warren Commission 's	sent4626	( The House Assassinations Committee concluded in 1978 that Kennedy was ` ` probably ' ' assassinated as the result of a conspiracy involving a second gunman , a finding that broke from the Warren Commission 's belief that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in Dallas on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	The House Assassinations Committee	sent4626	( The House Assassinations Committee concluded in 1978 that Kennedy was ` ` probably ' ' assassinated as the result of a conspiracy involving a second gunman , a finding that broke from the Warren Commission 's belief that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in Dallas on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
0	Mark David Chapman	Beatles	sent4627	( Lennon was shot to death Dec. 8 , 1980 , in the courtyard of his New York City apartment building by Mark David Chapman , a former Beatles ' fan who was convicted of the killing and sentenced to prison for a term of 20 years to life .)
0	Lennon	Beatles	sent4627	( Lennon was shot to death Dec. 8 , 1980 , in the courtyard of his New York City apartment building by Mark David Chapman , a former Beatles ' fan who was convicted of the killing and sentenced to prison for a term of 20 years to life .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	the Warren Commission	sent4628	( Ten years ago : Former President Gerald R. Ford , a member of the Warren Commission that investigated President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , told a House committee he stood by the commission 's basic finding that assassin Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	House	sent4628	( Ten years ago : Former President Gerald R. Ford , a member of the Warren Commission that investigated President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , told a House committee he stood by the commission 's basic finding that assassin Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone .)
0	Gerald R. Ford	the Warren Commission	sent4628	( Ten years ago : Former President Gerald R. Ford , a member of the Warren Commission that investigated President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , told a House committee he stood by the commission 's basic finding that assassin Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone .)
0	Gerald R. Ford	House	sent4628	( Ten years ago : Former President Gerald R. Ford , a member of the Warren Commission that investigated President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , told a House committee he stood by the commission 's basic finding that assassin Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone .)
0	John F. Kennedy 's	the Warren Commission	sent4628	( Ten years ago : Former President Gerald R. Ford , a member of the Warren Commission that investigated President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , told a House committee he stood by the commission 's basic finding that assassin Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone .)
0	John F. Kennedy 's	House	sent4628	( Ten years ago : Former President Gerald R. Ford , a member of the Warren Commission that investigated President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , told a House committee he stood by the commission 's basic finding that assassin Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	the Warren Commission	sent4631	( Today 's highlight in history : In 1964 , the Warren Commission issued a report concluding that Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone in assassinating President John F. Kennedy .)
0	John F. Kennedy	the Warren Commission	sent4631	( Today 's highlight in history : In 1964 , the Warren Commission issued a report concluding that Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone in assassinating President John F. Kennedy .)
0	Kennedy	the Texas School Book Depository	sent4632	( In Dallas , preparations continue for a museum at the Texas School Book Depository where assassin Lee Harvey Oswald gunned down Kennedy as the presidential motorcade rode through Dealey Plaza .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	the Texas School Book Depository	sent4632	( In Dallas , preparations continue for a museum at the Texas School Book Depository where assassin Lee Harvey Oswald gunned down Kennedy as the presidential motorcade rode through Dealey Plaza .)
0	Kennedy	The Warren Commission	sent4640	( The Warren Commission found Oswald acted alone in killing Kennedy .)
0	Oswald	The Warren Commission	sent4640	( The Warren Commission found Oswald acted alone in killing Kennedy .)
0	Kennedy	the Warren Commission	sent4642	( Most of the work conducted by the Warren Commission , which concluded that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in the Kennedy slaying , has been opened to the public , a move that has helped researchers evaluate _ and in many cases strongly criticize _ that investigation .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	the Warren Commission	sent4642	( Most of the work conducted by the Warren Commission , which concluded that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in the Kennedy slaying , has been opened to the public , a move that has helped researchers evaluate _ and in many cases strongly criticize _ that investigation .)
0	Kennedy	the Warren Commission	sent4646	( Most of the work conducted by the Warren Commission , which concluded that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in the Kennedy slaying , has been opened to the public , a move that has helped researchers evaluate _ and in many cases strongly criticize _ that investigation .)
0	Lee Harvey Oswald	the Warren Commission	sent4646	( Most of the work conducted by the Warren Commission , which concluded that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in the Kennedy slaying , has been opened to the public , a move that has helped researchers evaluate _ and in many cases strongly criticize _ that investigation .)
0	Kennedy	the Warren Commission	sent4648	( Scattered among reams of FBI and Secret Service reports are fragments of the lonely life of Oswald , a Marxist who lived in obscurity and died in infamy and who the Warren Commission concluded was acting alone when he killed Kennedy .)
0	Kennedy	Secret Service	sent4648	( Scattered among reams of FBI and Secret Service reports are fragments of the lonely life of Oswald , a Marxist who lived in obscurity and died in infamy and who the Warren Commission concluded was acting alone when he killed Kennedy .)
0	Kennedy	Oswald	sent4648	( Scattered among reams of FBI and Secret Service reports are fragments of the lonely life of Oswald , a Marxist who lived in obscurity and died in infamy and who the Warren Commission concluded was acting alone when he killed Kennedy .)
0	Kennedy	FBI	sent4648	( Scattered among reams of FBI and Secret Service reports are fragments of the lonely life of Oswald , a Marxist who lived in obscurity and died in infamy and who the Warren Commission concluded was acting alone when he killed Kennedy .)
0	Robert E. Lee 's	Appomattox	sent4649	( Booth also used an underground intelligence network for his escape after shooting Lincoln during a performance at Ford 's Theatre in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 , five days after Gen. Robert E. Lee 's surrender at Appomattox , the authors contend .)
0	Robert E. Lee 's	Lincoln	sent4649	( Booth also used an underground intelligence network for his escape after shooting Lincoln during a performance at Ford 's Theatre in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 , five days after Gen. Robert E. Lee 's surrender at Appomattox , the authors contend .)
0	Robert E. Lee 's	Ford	sent4649	( Booth also used an underground intelligence network for his escape after shooting Lincoln during a performance at Ford 's Theatre in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 , five days after Gen. Robert E. Lee 's surrender at Appomattox , the authors contend .)
0	Lee	Tidwell	sent4650	( Lee 's surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia had virtually ended the war by that time , but Booth thought he could save the South by killing Lincoln , said Tidwell , a retired CIA officer .)
0	Lee	CIA	sent4650	( Lee 's surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia had virtually ended the war by that time , but Booth thought he could save the South by killing Lincoln , said Tidwell , a retired CIA officer .)
0	Lee	the Army of Northern Virginia	sent4650	( Lee 's surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia had virtually ended the war by that time , but Booth thought he could save the South by killing Lincoln , said Tidwell , a retired CIA officer .)
0	Lee	Lincoln	sent4650	( Lee 's surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia had virtually ended the war by that time , but Booth thought he could save the South by killing Lincoln , said Tidwell , a retired CIA officer .)
0	Abraham Lincoln	Confederate	sent4652	( John Wilkes Booth wasn 't a shiftless actor who killed Abraham Lincoln out of despondency over the South 's loss in the Civil War , but a Confederate intelligence agent , a new book contends .)
0	John Wilkes Booth	Confederate	sent4652	( John Wilkes Booth wasn 't a shiftless actor who killed Abraham Lincoln out of despondency over the South 's loss in the Civil War , but a Confederate intelligence agent , a new book contends .)
